README.md, before:

# Boxer

## Introduction

Boxer is a simple library that allows for easy cross-platform creation of message boxes / alerts / what have you.

## Example

OS X:

![OS X](http://i.imgur.com/ZUFGdSn.png)

Windows:

![Windows](http://i.imgur.com/brVJJw9.png)

Linux:

![Linux](http://i.imgur.com/BmzzdsW.png)

## Compiling Boxer

Boxer is set up to be built with CMake.

To generate a static library, execute CMake with the root of the repo as the source directory. Additionally, the example program can be built by enabling the BUILD_EXAMPLES option.

## Including Boxer

Wherever you want to use Boxer, just include the header:

```c++
#include <boxer/boxer.h>
```

## Linking Against Boxer

### Static

If Boxer was built statically, just link against the generated static library.

### CMake

To compile Boxer along with another application using CMake, first add the Boxer subdirectory:

```cmake
add_subdirectory("path/to/Boxer")
```

Next, specify the the location of the Boxer header:

```cmake
include_directories("path/to/Boxer/include")
```

Finally, link against the Boxer library:

```cmake
target_link_libraries(myapp Boxer)
```

## Using Boxer

To create a message box using Boxer, call the 'show' method in the 'boxer' namespace and provide a message and title:

```c++
boxer::show("Simple message boxes are very easy to create.", "Simple Example");
```

A style / set of buttons may also be specified, and the user's selection can be determined from the function's return value:

```c++
boxer::Selection sel = boxer::show("Make a choice:", "Decision", boxer::Style::Warning, boxer::Buttons::YesNo);
```

Calls to 'show' are blocking - execution of your program will not continue until the user dismisses the message box.

Commit message:

Add language section to README.md

README.md, after:

# Boxer

## Introduction

Boxer is a simple library that allows for easy cross-platform creation of message boxes / alerts / what have you.

## Example

OS X:

![OS X](http://i.imgur.com/ZUFGdSn.png)

Windows:

![Windows](http://i.imgur.com/brVJJw9.png)

Linux:

![Linux](http://i.imgur.com/BmzzdsW.png)

## Language

Boxer is written in C++, though it has a C branch available as well.

## Compiling Boxer

Boxer is set up to be built with CMake.

To generate a static library, execute CMake with the root of the repo as the source directory. Additionally, the example program can be built by enabling the BUILD_EXAMPLES option.

## Including Boxer

Wherever you want to use Boxer, just include the header:

```c++
#include <boxer/boxer.h>
```

## Linking Against Boxer

### Static

If Boxer was built statically, just link against the generated static library.

### CMake

To compile Boxer along with another application using CMake, first add the Boxer subdirectory:

```cmake
add_subdirectory("path/to/Boxer")
```

Next, specify the the location of the Boxer header:

```cmake
include_directories("path/to/Boxer/include")
```

Finally, link against the Boxer library:

```cmake
target_link_libraries(myapp Boxer)
```

## Using Boxer

To create a message box using Boxer, call the 'show' method in the 'boxer' namespace and provide a message and title:

```c++
boxer::show("Simple message boxes are very easy to create.", "Simple Example");
```

A style / set of buttons may also be specified, and the user's selection can be determined from the function's return value:

```c++
boxer::Selection sel = boxer::show("Make a choice:", "Decision", boxer::Style::Warning, boxer::Buttons::YesNo);
```

Calls to 'show' are blocking - execution of your program will not continue until the user dismisses the message box.
